Sc 30756 Create Superhub (#673)
PennyLaneAI/qml: index.rst

                </div>
                <p class="grey-text mb-md-0 mb-5">The physics community is embracing open-source software, bringing transparency and reproducibility to physics research. All of our software is open-source, and we are excited to be along for the ride.
                </p>
            </div>
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/hubs/community.svg" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 250px;" alt="Atom icon"></img>
                    <br>
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Community-driven</h5>
                </div>
                    <p class="grey-text mb-0">When we release software, we have the community in mind. Development takes place publicly on GitHub, and members of our team are available to chat on our <a href="https://u.strawberryfields.ai/slack">Strawberry Fields Slack</a> and <a href="https://discuss.pennylane.ai">PennyLane forum</a>.
                </p>
            </div>
        <!-- Grid column -->
        </div>
        <!-- Grid row -->
    </div>

.. toctree::

>     :maxdepth: 2

Reviewer: @Anakhom only minor, but the toctree will need to be updated once the subhubs are merged but before this is merged :)

                </p>
            </div>
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/hubs/open-source.svg" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 250px;" alt="Fork branch icon"></img>
                    <br>
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Open-source</h5>
                </div>
                <p class="grey-text mb-md-0 mb-5">The physics community is embracing open-source software, bringing transparency and reproducibility to physics research. All of our software is open-source, and we are excited to be along for the ride.
                </p>
            </div>
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/hubs/community.svg" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 250px;" alt="Atom icon"></img>
                    <br>
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Community-driven</h5>
                </div>

>                     <p class="grey-text mb-0">When we release software, we have the community in mind. Development takes place publicly on GitHub, and members of our team are available to chat on our <a href="https://u.strawberryfields.ai/slack">Strawberry Fields Slack</a> and <a href="https://discuss.pennylane.ai">PennyLane forum</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <p class="grey-text mb-0">When we release software, we have the community in mind. Development takes place publicly on GitHub, and members of our team are available to chat on our <a href="https://u.strawberryfields.ai/slack">Slack</a> and <a href="https://discuss.pennylane.ai">discussion forum</a>.
```

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            width: auto;
            margin: 40px 0 0 0;
            padding: 0;

        }
        h2 {
            width: 65%;
        }
        .info-card {
            min-width: 260px;
            margin: 0 10px 0 10px;
        }
        .card-footer {
            background-color: white;
            border: none;
        }
        .card-body {
            padding-top: 10px;
        }
    </style>

Quantum machine learning

> ========================

Reviewer: Hey @Anakhom, I'm curious how come you removed the title here in favour of a `h1` down below, something to do with the `<br>`?

I would suggest we move the page heading back up here, mostly because Sphinx uses this to autofill in a lot of other details on the rendered HTML (e.g., the `<title>` tag is now blank 🙁)

Author: @josh146 I see! yeah, I believe at the time I used `<h1>` it to have a better manipulation over the styling of the title, but I will bring this it back.

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            width: auto;
            margin: 40px 0 0 0;
            padding: 0;

        }
        h2 {
            width: 65%;
        }
        .info-card {
            min-width: 260px;
            margin: 0 10px 0 10px;
        }
        .card-footer {
            background-color: white;
            border: none;
        }
        .card-body {
            padding-top: 10px;
        }
    </style>

Learn how to program for quantum computers using PennyLane
==========================================================

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Sit back and learn about the field of quantum machine learning, explore key concepts, download and run QML demonstrations, and view our selection of curated videos.

Author: @josh146 @BM7878 Please let me know what would you want in the meta description for the superhub page, along with the image. Thanks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": Sit back and learn about quantum computing, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry by exploring key concepts and working through practical demonstrations.
```

@BM7878 how does that sound? Sounds a bit strange to my ears 🤔

Reviewer 2: The newer one? It's probably the 'by' that makes it sound a bit strange. I would suggest cutting the sentence into two - perhaps: 

```
Sit back and learn about quantum computing, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry. Explore key concepts and work through practical demonstrations.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": Sit back and learn about quantum computing, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry. Explore key concepts and work through practical demonstrations.
```

Reviewer: Thanks @BM7878, @Anakhom this suggestion is good to go

                            <p class="card-text">
                            Follow along with our experts and explore ideas in quantum computing, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry.
                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
            </div>
        </section>

        <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto mt-3 mb-5">Our aim is to bring together a community focused on quantum machine learning, and provide a leading resource hub for quantum computing education and research.</p>
        <!-- Grid row -->
        <div class="row">
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/hubs/research.svg" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 250px;" alt="Light bulb with an atom inside"></img>
                    <br>

>                     <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Research-focused</h5>
>                 </div>
>                 <p class="grey-text mb-0">Xanadu is not just a software company; we also perform high-impact research and build quantum hardware. Our software gets used internally across the company &mdash; check out some of the <a href="https://xanadu.ai/research">papers released</a> using our open-source software tools.
>                 </p>

Reviewer 3: This is nitpicking, but the column looks to be really narrow here... and the number of lines is ... a bit much. 😬
Could we either increase the width by the tiniest bit, or crop a few words out of it? For example:

```suggestion
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Research-focused</h5>
                </div>
                <p class="grey-text mb-0">Xanadu is not just a software company; we also perform high-impact research and build quantum hardware. Check out some of the <a href="https://xanadu.ai/research">papers released</a> using our open-source software tools.
                </p>
```

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            width: auto;
            margin: 40px 0 0 0;
            padding: 0;

        }
        h2 {
            width: 65%;
        }
        .info-card {
            min-width: 260px;
            margin: 0 10px 0 10px;
        }
        .card-footer {
            background-color: white;
            border: none;
        }
        .card-body {
            padding-top: 10px;
        }
    </style>

> Learn how to program for quantum computers using PennyLane

Reviewer 3: Either 'Learn quantum programming' or 'Learn with PennyLane' (my preference) would work. This is too long.

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.5.14/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
    <div>
        <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto my-5">
        We have entered a new era. Quantum devices are becoming more and more advanced. Their usage is becoming a more and more active field of research.
        <br><br>
        Get started in programming for quantum computers by choosing your area of interest below, or check out our collection of demos and tutorials.
        </p>

        <section class="my-5">
            <div class="row main-cards d-flex justify-content-center">
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="whatisqml.html">
                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/brain_board.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 86px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Quantum </br> Computing
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">

>                             A field of research that explores how universal computation can be achieved through quantum-mechanical systems.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                            Learn how universal computation can be achieved using quantum-mechanical systems.
```
Minimal intervention, to fit the other two.

                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Find out how the principles of quantum computing and machine learning can be united to create something new.
                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
                
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="glossary.html">
                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/flask.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 53px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Quantum </br> Chemistry
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">

>                             Study the properties of molecules and materials using quantum computing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                            Study the properties of molecules and materials using quantum computers and algorithms.
```
Adding length and specificity (+algorithms), changing 'computing' to 'computers' to better balance out the other two.

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.5.14/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
    <div>

>         <h1 class="mt-6">Welcome to the Quantum learning </br> superhub</h1>

Reviewer: @BM7878 What do you think we should do for the page title?

I know we've been using 'superhub' when talking about it, but I'm wondering if it feels a bit too informal.

Options I can think of include:

- Quantum learning
- Welcome to quantum learning
- ?

I think I prefer the first option though!

Reviewer: Actually @BM7878 I like your suggestion below, "Learn how to program for quantum computers using PennyLane".

>         <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto my-5">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc vulputate libero et velit interdum, ac aliquet odio mattis. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Curabitur tempus urna at turpis condimentum lobortis.</p>

Reviewer 4: @josh146 @BM7878 Do we have copy for this?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure where the best place to put this is, so I'll just put it here for now:

`
<h1>Learn how to program for quantum computers using PennyLane</h1>

<p>We have entered a new era. Quantum devices are becoming more and more advanced. Their usage is becoming a more and more active field of research. </p>

<p>Get started in programming for quantum computers by choosing your area of interest below.</p>
`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto my-5">We have entered a new era. Quantum devices are becoming more and more advanced. Their usage is becoming a more and more active field of research.<br><br>
        Get started in programming for quantum computers by choosing your area of interest below, or check out our collection of demos and tutorials.</p>
```

        <section class="my-5">
            <div class="row main-cards d-flex justify-content-center">
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">

>                     <a href="whatisqml.html">

Reviewer: This we can't update until the QC hub is ready I suppose?

Author: Yep, the change is in the [QC PR](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/pull/684/files#diff-54a294a5d016e1a8e98bc95668ed84a99a9edd5c10394d9a2b1ee848006e98a7) 🙂

                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/brain_board.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 86px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Quantum </br> Computing
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the. 

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer 4: @josh146 @BM7878 Do we have copy for this?

Reviewer 2: As per above:

`
<h3>Quantum Computing</h3>

<p>A field of research that explores how universal computation can be achieved through quantum-mechanical systems.</p>

`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            A field of research that explores how universal computation can be achieved through quantum-mechanical systems.
```

@BM7878 alternatively we could go with 

> Explore general quantum computing concepts and algorithms, from quantum volume to boson sampling.

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>

                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">

>                     <a href="glossary.html">

Reviewer: Just a reminder for us to update this link before merging :)

Author: this is changed in [QML PR](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/pull/682/files#diff-54a294a5d016e1a8e98bc95668ed84a99a9edd5c10394d9a2b1ee848006e98a7) :slightly_smiling_face:

                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/key.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 80px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Quantum machine learning
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the. 

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer 4: @josh146 @BM7878 Do we have copy for this?

Reviewer 2: As per above:

```html

<h3>Quantum Machine Learning</h3>

<p>A field of research looking at the interplay of ideas from quantum computing and machine learning.</p>
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Find out how the principles of quantum computing and machine learning can be united to create something new.
```

@BM7878 modified it slightly here

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
                
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">

>                     <a href="glossary.html">

Reviewer: Just a reminder for us to update this link before merging :)

Author: this is changed in [QChem PR](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/pull/683/files) 🙂

                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/flask.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 53px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Quantum Chemistry
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the. 

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer 4: @josh146 @BM7878 Do we have copy for this?

Reviewer 2: As per above:

```html
<h3>Quantum Chemistry</h3>

<p>A field of research focused on calculating the properties of molecules, and the materials made from them, using quantum mechanics.</p>
```

Reviewer: @BM7878 another small modification to focus on QC:

```suggestion
                            Study the properties of molecules and materials using quantum computing.
```

                </p>
            </div>
        </section>

        <hr class="pb-4">

        <section>
            <div class="d-flex flex-wrap justify-content-center">

>                 <h2 class="fw-normal text-center mt-1 mb-5 border-0">Curabitur tempus urna at turpis lobortis. Ut commodo efficitur neque.</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <h2 class="fw-normal text-center mt-1 mb-5 border-0">Browse our full set of demonstrations and tutorials</h2>
```

            </div>
            <div class="row main-cards d-flex justify-content-center">
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">

>                     <a href="glossary.html">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <a href="demonstrations.html">
```

                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/demos.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 63px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Demos
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the. 

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer 4: @josh146 @BM7878 Do we have copy for this?

Reviewer 2: For the first part:

```html
<h2>Browse our full set of demonstrations and tutorials</h2>
```

Reviewer 2: For the second part:

```html
<h3>Demos</h3>

<p>Dive into the code and see how to apply cutting-edge algorithms and techniques with PennyLane.</p>
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Dive into the code and see how to apply cutting-edge algorithms and techniques with PennyLane.
```

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>

                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">

>                     <a href="glossary.html">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <a href="videos.html">
```

                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/video.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 63px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Videos
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the. 

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer 2: As per above:

```html
<h3>Videos</h3>

<p>Follow along with our experts and explore ideas in quantum programming, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry.</p>
```

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the. 
>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Follow along with our experts and explore ideas in quantum programming, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry.
```

                                Demos
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Dive into the code and see how to apply cutting-edge algorithms and techniques with PennyLane.
                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>

                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="videos.html">
                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/video.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 63px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                Videos
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">

>                             Follow along with our experts and explore ideas in quantum programming, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                            Follow along with our experts and explore ideas in quantum computing, quantum machine learning, and quantum chemistry.
```
For consistency?

Reviewer 3: Also, how do we feel about removing 'quantum' to balance it with the demo link text better?
```suggestion
                            Follow along with our experts and explore ideas in quantum computing, machine learning, and chemistry.
```

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
            </div>
        </section>

        <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto mt-3 mb-5">Our aim is to bring together a community focused on quantum machine learning, and provide a leading resource hub for quantum computing education and research.</p>
        <!-- Grid row -->
        <div class="row">
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/research.png" class="img-fluid"></img>
                    <br>

>                     <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Research focused</h5>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Research-focused</h5>
```

                </p>
            </div>
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/book.png" class="img-fluid"></img>
                    <br>
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Documented</h5>
                </div>
                <p class="grey-text mb-md-0 mb-5">Code documentation is important; it encourages everyone to dive straight in and begin tinkering with the code. We have the highest standard for documentation &mdash; our aim is to make everything accessible, from code to theory.
                </p>
            </div>
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/fork.png" class="img-fluid"></img>
                    <br>

>                     <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Open source</h5>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Open-source</h5>
```
Consistency with text

                </div>
                <p class="grey-text mb-md-0 mb-5">The physics community is embracing open-source software, bringing transparency and reproducibility to physics research. All of our software is open-source, and we are excited to be along for the ride.
                </p>
            </div>
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <!-- Grid column -->
            <div class="col-md-3">
                <div class="text-center">
                    <img src="_static/community.png" class="img-fluid"></img>
                    <br>

>                     <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Community driven</h5>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Community-driven</h5>
```

                    <br>
                    <h5 class="font-weight-bold my-4">Research-focused</h5>
                </div>

>                 <p class="grey-text mb-0">Xanadu is not just a software company; we also perform high-impact research and build quantum hardware. Check out some of the <a href="https://xanadu.ai/research">papers released</a> using our open-source software tools.

Reviewer 3: @josh146 how do you feel about this change?
